#summary Configure CSSMatch / Configure a match

== How to configure CSSMatch ? ==

CSSMatch is configured via your match configuration files. If you are interested, please read this tutorial :)

  .
== How to configure a match ? ==
  # Visit the _cfg/cssmatch/configurations_ folder. This folder contains all the match configurations which can be executed when you start a match. The .cfg files which are in this folder are automatically listed in the menu.
  # Open the _default.cfg_ file. This file is a match configuration example. You can see the "variables" specific to the plugin (to structure the match) all prefixed by "cssmatch_" and some examples of variables which adjust the configuration of your server during the match.
    * Feel free to modify the plugin's variable (all the variable are documentated)
    * Feel free to add/modify/remove the server's variable

  .
=== How to add a configuration file ? ===

It is useful to be able to choice a different configurations in the menu. So, as said above, the .cfg file contained in the _cfg/cssmatch/configurations_ folder are automatically listed in the referee menu when you start a match.

*To add a custom configuration file :*

  # Create a new file
  # "Save as" it with the name you want, and add ".cfg" at the end of the name
  # The .cfg file can be opened with any text editor, open your new file .cfg
  # Open the default.cfg file
  # Copy/Paste the plugin's variable in your new configuration file (they are all prefixed by "cssmatch_")
  # Add your server configuration at the end of the file
  # Save the file, then send it on your server in the _cfg/cssmatch/configurations_ folder
  # Change the map or reboot your server


  .
=== "My file does not appear in the list when I start a match :" ===
  * Verify that your file is in the _cfg/cssmatch/configurations_ folder 
  * Verify that file's extension is ".cfg", if needed you can "save as" again adding ".cfg" at the end of the file's name
  * Make sure you have changed the map or reboot your server since you have sent the file (try gain)
If your file still does not appear in the menu, ask for help.Configura