#summary How to read the reports?

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />
<br>

== Introduction ==

Each match, a report is generated in the *cfg/cssmatch/rapports* folder. The name of the file generated contains the date and the map of the match.


<br>
== Read the reports with an Internet browser ==

Three files are required :
 * _cssmatch.xsl_
 * _cssmatch.css_
 * the report file
These three files must be placed in the same folder. So you can read the report with any Internet browser.


<br>
== Read the reports from your Internet site ==

In order to make the report accessible from your website, you have to get these files :
 * _cssmatch.xsl_
 * _cssmatch.css_
 * the report files
These three files must be placed in the same folder on your website.

*Example :*
The home directory of my site _www.my-team.fr_ is *www*. I send two reports in the *www/reports* folder. This folder contains these files :
 * _cssmatch.xsl_
 * _cssmatch.css_
 * _2009-04-03_22h24_de_dust.xml_ (first report)
 * _2009-04-04_23h23_de_prodigy.xml_ (second report)
To visualize the first report, I visit _www.ma-team.fr/reports/2009-04-03_22h24_de_dust.xml_. To visualize the second report, I visit _www.ma-team.fr/reports/2009-04-04_23h23_de_prodigy.xml_.

Here is preview : [http://cssmatch.com/reports/2009-04-04_23h23_de_prodigy.xml 2009-04-04_23h23_de_prodigy.xml]


<br>
== Modify the reports appearance ==

To modify the appearance of the reports, you must modify the _cssmatch.css_ file. This file is a _[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets Cascading Style Sheet]_. 

_*Note :* Share your style on [http://www.cssmatch/forums the forums] :-) !


<br>
== Automatically transfer the reports on your site ==

Some systems are in development to automatically transfer the reports (and the sourceTV records) from your servers to your website. [http://www.cssmatch.com/forums/viewforum.php?f=12 Stay aware] :)